sysvar: introduce a new variable tidb_index_join_double_read_penalty_… (#12528)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- This variable is used to set the batch size of the `index lookup join` operation.
- Use a bigger value in OLAP scenarios, and a smaller value in OLTP scenarios.

### tidb_index_join_double_read_penalty_cost_rate <span class="version-mark">New in v6.6.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Float
- Default value: `0`
- Range: `[0, 18446744073709551615]`

> - This variable determines whether to apply a penalty cost to the index join selection, which reduces the likelihood of the optimizer selecting this operation, and increases the likelihood of selecting alternative join methods such as hash join and tiflash join.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable determines whether to apply a penalty cost to the operation of selecting index join, which reduces the likelihood of the optimizer selecting index join, and increases the likelihood of selecting alternative join methods such as hash join and tiflash join.
```

> - When index join is selected, many table lookup requests are triggered, which causes a lot of resource consumption. You can use this variable to reduce the likelihood of the optimizer selecting index join.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When index join is selected, many table lookup requests are triggered, which consumes too many resources. You can use this variable to reduce the likelihood of the optimizer selecting index join.
```
